First Level Dialogue
1. “Productivity is being able to do things that you were never able to do before.” – Franz Kafka
2. “Don’t confuse activity with productivity. Many people are simply busy being busy.” – Robin Sharma
3. “Efficiency is doing things right. Effectiveness is doing the right things.” – Peter Drucker
4. “Working on the right thing is probably more important than working hard.” – Caterina Fake
5. “The only way around is through.” – Robert Frost
6. “Ordinary people think merely of spending time, great people think of using it.” – Arthur Schopenhauer
7. "Practice isn’t the thing you do once you’re good. It’s the thing you do that makes you good." – Malcolm Gladwell
8. "To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking." – Goethe
9. "You don’t need more time in your day. You need to decide." – Seth Godin
10. "Successful people are simply those with successful habits." – Brian Tracy

Second Level Dialogue
11. “Lost time is never found again.” – Benjamin Franklin
12. “Until we can manage time, we can manage nothing else.” – Peter Drucker
13. “You don’t need a new plan for next year. You need a commitment.” – Seth Godin
14. “Where your attention goes, your time goes”. – Idowu Koyenikan
15. “Don’t be fooled by the calendar. There are only as many days in the year as you make use of.” – Charles Richards
16. “Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.” – Sam Levenson
17. "Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a focus." – Alexander Graham Bell
18. "If you don’t pay appropriate attention to what has your attention, it will take more of your attention than it deserves." – David Allen
19. "Your mind is for having ideas, not holding them." – David Allen
20. "You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them." – Michael Jordan

Third Level Dialogue
21. “If there are nine rabbits on the ground, if you want to catch one, just focus on one.” – Jack Ma
22. “If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.” – Thomas Edison
23. “While one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior.” – Henry C. Link
24. “Over the long run, the unglamorous habit of frequency fosters both productivity and creativity.” – Gretchen Rubin
25. “If you want something done, give it to a busy man.” – Preston Sturges
26. “The least productive people are usually the ones who are most in favor of holding meetings.” – Thomas Sowell
27. “It’s not always that we need to do more but rather that we need to focus on less.” – Nathan W. Morris
28. “Success is often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable.” – Coco Chanel
29. “You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.” – Martin Luther King
30. "Continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection." – Mark Twain

Story Dialogue
31. The game starts off with an unemployed man with no job. He is lazing around his house initially.
32. Something however inspires him to start cleaning up.
33. *sigh* "I really should get everything cleaned out. Maybe it'll make me feel better about myself..."
34. Now that the man has finally cleaned up everything in his house, he now decides he should head to school.
35. With his backpack in tow, and all of his supplies, he is ready to tackle the world outside.

36. The man is now at school right as the first semester starts. He is at a vocational school for office training.
37. His hope is that after he completes his course, he might finally be able to find a "real" job.
38. "Alright, first day of school it is..."
39. "I hope no one judges me and I can do well enough to get a certificate."
40. Now that the man has collected all of his school things, he has completed his schoolwork.
41. Soon he will receive a certificate which he will then be able to use to apply for an office job.

42. The man has finally gotten an office job after some time looking. He is excited about his future prospects.
43. The boss right now is skeptical of him, but feels like he might have a lot of potential.
44. "Welp, it's all come down to this. I better try hard to make a good impression."
45. "It's nice, though. For the first time in a long while, I think I finally feel excited for the future."
46. The man has finished all the work and the boss is very pleased. It looks like he will even get a promotion!
