“Productivity is being able to do things that you were never able to do before.” – Franz Kafka
“Don’t confuse activity with productivity. Many people are simply busy being busy.” – Robin Sharma
“Efficiency is doing things right. Effectiveness is doing the right things.” – Peter Drucker
“Working on the right thing is probably more important than working hard.” – Caterina Fake
“The only way around is through.” – Robert Frost
“Ordinary people think merely of spending time, great people think of using it.” – Arthur Schopenhauer
"Practice isn’t the thing you do once you’re good. It’s the thing you do that makes you good." – Malcolm Gladwell
"To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking." – Goethe
"You don’t need more time in your day. You need to decide." – Seth Godin
"Successful people are simply those with successful habits." – Brian Tracy
“Lost time is never found again.” – Benjamin Franklin
“Until we can manage time, we can manage nothing else.” – Peter Drucker
“You don’t need a new plan for next year. You need a commitment.” – Seth Godin
“Where your attention goes, your time goes”. – Idowu Koyenikan
“Don’t be fooled by the calendar. There are only as many days in the year as you make use of.” – Charles Richards
“Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.” – Sam Levenson
"Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a focus." – Alexander Graham Bell
"If you don’t pay appropriate attention to what has your attention, it will take more of your attention than it deserves." – David Allen
"Your mind is for having ideas, not holding them." – David Allen
"You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them." – Michael Jordan
“If there are nine rabbits on the ground, if you want to catch one, just focus on one.” – Jack Ma
“If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.” – Thomas Edison
“While one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior.” – Henry C. Link
“Over the long run, the unglamorous habit of frequency fosters both productivity and creativity.” – Gretchen Rubin
“If you want something done, give it to a busy man.” – Preston Sturges
“The least productive people are usually the ones who are most in favor of holding meetings.” – Thomas Sowell
“It’s not always that we need to do more but rather that we need to focus on less.” – Nathan W. Morris
“Success is often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable.” – Coco Chanel
“You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.” – Martin Luther King
"Continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection." – Mark Twain
